Add postman collections (#76)
dride-for-sure/schulatlas: README.md

</p>

Among other things germany is known worldwide for its sustained success in the education sector.
Thanks to the problem of the intertial system, however, this makes us locals perceive things a
little differently. Unfortunately, old-fashioned federalism and a lack of transparency mean that
traceability and comparability are more or less impossible for all sides.

**SCHULATLAS** addresses this problem, aggregates data from the provinces' quality management,
processes it and outputs it both as overlays on maps and in a statistics module within the context
of Open Data / Open Government. Data can be maintained via public API and accessed by anyone.

> In this way, **SCHULATLAS** can hopefully contribute to the transition to a 21st century education

Reviewer: 😉

```suggestion
In this way, **SCHULATLAS** contributes to the transition to a 21st century education
```

Author: Accepted :)
